Update multi-geo-ediscovery-configuration.md (#3198)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/multi-geo-ediscovery-configuration.md

# Microsoft 365 Multi-Geo eDiscovery configuration

> Advanced eDiscovery capabilities [a link](https://https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/overview-ediscovery-20?view=o365-worldwide) allow a Multi-Geo eDiscovery administrator to search all of the geos without needing to utilize a "Region" security filter. Data is exported to the Azure instance of the central location of the Multi-Geo tenant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Advanced eDiscovery capabilities](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/overview-ediscovery-20?view=o365-worldwide) allow a multi-geo eDiscovery administrator to search all of the geos without needing to utilize a "Region" security filter. Data is exported to the Azure instance of the central location of the multi-geo tenant. 
```

> Without advanced eDiscovery capabilities, an eDiscovery Manager or Administrator of a multi-geo tenant will be able to conduct eDiscovery only in the central location of that tenant. To support the ability to conduct eDiscovery for satellite locations, a new Compliance Security Filter parameter called "Region" is available via PowerShell. This parameter can be used by tenants whose central location is in North America, Europe, or Asia Pacific. Advanced eDiscovery is recommended for tenant's whose central location is not in North America, Europe, or Asia Pacific and who need to perform eDiscovery across satellite geo locations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without advanced eDiscovery capabilities, an eDiscovery manager or administrator of a multi-geo tenant will be able to conduct eDiscovery only in the central location of that tenant. To support the ability to conduct eDiscovery for satellite locations, a new compliance security filter parameter named "Region" is available via PowerShell. This parameter can be used by tenants whose central location is in North America, Europe, or Asia Pacific. Advanced eDiscovery is recommended for tenants whose central location is not in North America, Europe, or Asia Pacific and who need to perform eDiscovery across satellite geo locations. 
```
